Genevieve: ?!
Dad: You’ve returned.
Genevieve: Am I… losing my mind?
Genevieve: What is this? What’s happening? 
Dad: I helped shape your life, Evie. I am bound to you, even now.
Genevieve: Wait, Evie? Are you— you can’t be.
Genevieve: You died, right before my eyes- I saw you getting buried.
Dad: …
Dad: Your mother and I were not granted the gift of time to pass on the elixir.
Dad: But fear not! For we have etched the knowledge into your very bones, preparing you to unearth the remedy which haunts your destiny.
Genevieve: What? What are you TALKING about right now?
Genevieve: Antidote? For what?
Dad: The clock is ticking, Evie. I know this is sudden but—
Genevieve: No, this is insane. Am I seriously talking to a Dad right now? And my dad’s at that?
Dad: I am aware our reunion should be better than this, but there are more important things to uncover. Your mother and I… we waited too long to fulfill our duties.
Genevieve: But I don't understand, if you're my d—
Dad: Nevermind that.
Dad: We’re running out of time. If you don’t act soon, the curse will claim you.
Dad: Attune yourself to the following words. They will help you in your journey.
Genevieve: Okay… I have my journal with me.  
Genevieve: Good thing I don't go anywhere without it. God knows I'll need to refer back to this with how cryptic you're being. 
Genevieve: I’m guessing I have to do this so that I don’t die?
Dad: Yes. 
Genevieve: I WAS JOKING—
Dad: Now, listen well and listen close.
Dad: In the kitchen’s heart, where warmth once bloomed, a secret awaits, your gaze to loom. Find the memories locked in time, and you’ll uncover what’s truly mine.
Genevieve: Got it, got it. Kitchen… memories…
Dad: The jars are more than they appear, within their depths, the answer is clear. A gleam beneath the jeweled plight will guide you through the topmost fight. 
Genevieve: Jewels…
Dad: The games we played, the laughter shared, were truly light and treasures bared. As towers remain firm, so do windows turn with paint, set free with the taint of all there is to attain.
Genevieve: Okay… I’ve jotted it all down. 
Genevieve: You could just tell me what I need to do though - what’s with all the riddles?
Dad: In life, I could speak plainly. But the curse we suffer twists more than just our fates. It distorts our words, too. 
Dad: The riddles are the only way I can guide you - the only way to reach you through the fog of time. The afterlife comes with many rules, you see.
Genevieve: But you’re talking normally now.
Dad: Anything to do with the antidote is filtered. I could tell you exactly how to make the cure, but it would come out as something like-
Dad: In the warmth of what’s been stirred, a hidden touch must be transferred. Find the token, worn with care-
Genevieve: OKAY okay, I get it. 
Genevieve: All these riddles are making my head hurt.
Dad: …you must know, I carry nothing but regret for not telling you all this sooner. 
Genevieve: …
Dad: It was my mistake for believing the sands of time would be kinder.
Dad: We thought we had time, Evie. But the light we took for granted has faded, and now all I have left is regret.
Dad: It would have caused us great pain to see the light in our walls dim - we were selfish. Foolish, even. 
Dad: It is our fault, this. But I… I still hope you can understand.
Genevieve: I… I need to get started on the antidote. 
Dad: One last thing.
Dad: While searching for the things you need, you won’t be in your true form.
Genevieve: [sigh] Of course, there’s a catch.
Dad: There is a silver lining, your form won’t hold you back too much. The developers didn't want any extra trouble with your movements.
Genevieve: Huh?
Dad: I'll reappear when you need me. It's difficult to maintain this form, you see
----